packs/reco: change path of url (#30204)
demisto/content: Packs/Reco/ReleaseNotes/1_1_7.md

#### Integrations

##### Reco

> - Change alerts URL to point to the new alerts endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the URL endpoint to the new alerts endpoint in commands:
    - ***reco-change-alert-status***
    - ***fetch_incidents***
```
Verify that these are all the commands that have been changed.
